Rather than having to think of a name and
a price and a description and an image of
a fish every single time, it would be nice
to have a little button where we can just
load in some fish data that's going to be
inputted into our 'state'. So I provided you
with a sample-fishes.js, where
we've got an object full of fish1,
fish2, fish3, etc., etc. All of
those fish are in this sample-fishes.
Then we need to load them into 'state'. So
we'll open up our Inventory component and
we'll add a quick button right here
that says "Load Sample Fishes."
That should render it out right below
here. Good. Then we need to have an
onClick handler. So when someone clicks
that button, we are going to run
this.loadSamples.
Now, we're going to come back and
actually change this in just a second,
but that's sort of the idea.
When you click a button, we want to run
this loadSamples() function, which in turn
should load in whatever is in this file
and put that into our 'state'.
Now, you might think, okay, well, we'll
just make a loadSamples() function on our
Inventory component. But we need to do
this method here. That needs to happen
where our 'state' lives. You tell me,
where does our 'state' live?
You're saying, it lives in our App, Wes.
That's where it lives.
So we open up our App component here and
here's our 'state'. Here's our addFish()
function that we previously had made.
We are going to make a new one called
loadSamples(). Inside of that, we are just
going to simply call this.setState
and we are going to pass it our fishes.
Now, where are our fishes?
Well, we haven't imported them from
the sample-fishes.js yet. So temporarily
go to the top real quick and we're going
to import sampleFishes from up a level
and get sample-fishes.js.
Now, I've got the sampleFishes here.
I am going to then pass it to my setState
method called loadSamples(). Then the one
last thing we need to do in order for us
to use this inside of any of the methods
that we've created. Let me ask you
this question. Why can we use this inside
of addFish()? How come we can use this
inside of that?
First of all, what is this equal to?
This is equal to the actual App.
How come we can use it in there?
It's because we did this one
little one-liner right here where
we bound the method addFish() to the
component itself. And we need to do
the same thing with our loadSamples().
So it's going to duplicate this
addFish() and replace it with loadSamples().
It's a little bit of a pain that you have
to do that every single time because more
than likely you want to do that with all
of your methods. But it's just something
that we need to do in React at the time.
So, we've got this addFish() or loadSamples()
method. Then how do we get it to
this button? How do we bring it
downstream to our inventory?
Well, we just pass that via 'props'. So if
we go down to our Inventory component
inside of App.js, you'll see that we are
already passing down addFish() via 'props'.
We can also pass down loadSamples()
via 'props,' .this.loadSamples. Okay, good.
Then if we go back to our Inventory,
remember we said this about
loadSamples()? That's not going to work
because loadSamples() doesn't live on
Inventory, loadSamples() lives on App.
We simply just pass it down.
How do we then access loadSamples()?
Well, let's take a quick look at our
React DevTools here. React DevTools.
We open up and look for our Inventory
component and you should see "Props."
Two things are being passed to
our Inventory component.
addFish(), already worked with it.
Now, we have this new loadSamples()
function. So hit this.props.loadSamples
in order to actually access that.
We'll find our App component here.
You open up your "State" and
you'll see there's nothing in there.
But if we click this button now,
oh, all of a sudden, that got
automatically populated. Why? Because
we created this function right here called
loadSamples(), which sets 'state' given those
sampleFishes that we imported.
Good. Now that we have that in our 'state',
let's actually get them displaying on the
page with a little bit of JSX.